doc: rework public-facing onboarding documentation (#2811)
microsoft/GitHub-Copilot-for-Azure: docs/Onboarding.md

To build the skills for testing, install dependencies and run the build. This copies the plugin source files into `output/`, stamping version numbers automatically via [Nerdbank.GitVersioning](https://github.com/dotnet/Nerdbank.GitVersioning).

```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

The `output/` directory now contains the fully built plugin, ready for use.

### Token Management

AI agents load skill content into their context window, which has finite capacity. Large skills:
- Consume context space needed for user conversations
- Slow down agent response times
- May get truncated, losing important instructions

We recommend skills to respect these token limits.

| File Type | Limit | Action if Exceeded |
|-----------|------------|-------------------|
| SKILL.md | <5000 tokens | Move content to `references/` |
| references/*.md | <2000 tokens | Split into multiple files |

> 

Author: This is intentional. The numbers in .token-limits.json are not realistic.

# Onboarding

> > Note: if you are an MSFT employee, in addition to following the steps in this doc, please also follow the steps in the [internal-onboarding-doc](https://eng.ms/docs/cloud-ai-platform/devdiv/developer-ai-lukehoban/developer-ai-kvenkatrajan/azure-github-copilot-extension-for-vs-code-backend/github-copilot-for-azure/partnerhub/azureskills/onboarding-new-skills) to onboard your new skill.

Reviewer: Here is the aka.ms link for the internal onboarding doc
```suggestion
> Note: if you are an MSFT employee, in addition to following the steps in this doc, please also follow the steps in the [internal-onboarding-doc](https://aka.ms/azure-skills/onboarding) to onboard your new skill.
```

## Identify Areas for New Skills

Skills should be concise and focused prompts that help with a specific task. The LLM sees the descriptions of the skills and decides which one to load based on the user's intent. They can be treated as additional user prompts.

> A good skill has the following characteristics:

Reviewer: Is there an existing skill that we can point people to that demonstrates the following characteristics?

Author: We don't have a skill that demonstrates all these traits yet. This is also a goal we are moving towards for existing skills.

We will triage your onboarding request and provide feedback. We encourage you to build a simple version of the skill as a proof of concept. However, since we may request changes, we recommend that you wait for our feedback before diving into implementing the full skill.

## Local Development

Before making code changes, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [Node.js 22+](https://nodejs.org) and NPM
- [GitHub Copilot CLI](https://github.com/github/copilot-cli)

We encourage you to develop in a fork and submit PRs back to the upstream repo, instead of working directly in this repo. Use the following command to fork this repo and open your fork locally.

```bash
# Fork the repository on GitHub, then clone your fork
git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/GitHub-Copilot-for-Azure.git
cd GitHub-Copilot-for-Azure
```

### Skill Structure

> Skills in this repo are organized in an agent plugin. Pre-built skills are located under `plugin/skills/`. Each skill folder contains:

Reviewer: Similar to the earlier feedback, could we identify and link to an existing skill that represents our current gold standard? Having a concrete example would help contributors understand the expected quality bar and implementation patterns.

Author: For skill structure, every existing skill can be used as example to illustrate what to expect. I added a sentence mentioning that.
